Let's talk about global warming then I want to get to the snowflakes
Okay, we were on stage and a woman got up and asked you a question
I thought good warming and you went on to explain why you don't believe in it
You said you changed you know, you said you got some new evidence recently. Yeah, what happened that night? Okay
Why did that clip go viral?
the lady
said I have children and you got a few bucks and don't you want I want to leave the world a better place for my
Kids essentially what you buy in you had a question. Yeah, it's fine. You know, yeah
I'd like my show. I want my children very much. But I realize it's up to them. It's not up to me
See, I feel like I said worse multipliers in the world. Yeah, but I don't have a Vietnam, but it's up to the individual
I can give you all the information, but if you don't pull the trigger and take action
so getting back to the lady and I said
Then I went through my store which is not a story Sally and I are in the South South Pole
2011 and were there and there's a big half a billion dollar
scientific
Station there. That's mostly funded by the US government and
The scientists came over give us presentations and they had that time they drilled five or six or seven thousand cores
In the South Pole not many people realize that South Poles on a mountaintop stir up about 12 13 14 thousand feet
so a lot of people suffer from oxygen deprivation didn't bother Sally and I and
So he's going through these cores and then he says in fifty five thousand years ago
It was two
1.96 degrees
Warmer Celsius than today in it
Let's go back to that how do you know that and then all these MIT?
Caltech all these got all of that because of this equals and bullshit bullshit. We know from absolutely within a millionth of a percent
It was warmer, but no one's denying. No, no, no way. Okay and so on so and just we all know it's cyclical
Yeah, you know it's cyclic. Okay, and then what about global warming everybody? Laughs all at the same time?
It's a load of shit
I mean we could have predicted this
Global warming 200 years before but nobody did because nobody figured out a way to make any money out of it
Okay, but when people talk about global or they're talking about the human being accelerated version of the warming no, no no, no, no
No, they say it has nothing the hairspray the ozone nothing zero
In fact, if you read Scientific American like the good MIT guy you are you would have known three months ago
They said for the first time in 40 years
The ozone what he called is thickened up again
Yeah
the ozone has but that's a little different than
carbon dioxide emissions and they also said that we've known for at least 50 60 70 years that
Every square meter on the ground on the planet has between ten and fifteen thousand times more energy from the Sun
Than is needed
Ten to fifteen thousand. How does it bury your closer to the Sun? It's fifteen thousand farther from the Sun ten thousand, okay?
Okay, there's tons of energy on the tons and tons and tons. Okay the first electric car
Was in 1846, I believe I don't believe I know
1846 do you think if we really wanted fucking electric cars we couldn't have them it was thirty-five or forty years before gasoline cars
But now since then and then the question since Alan I went to the North Pole
Okay, God, let me a car thing is because the oil business and all that right? I'll get back to that go back
So then we go to the North Pole and now there's Russian scientists
Hardly anybody spoke English? Okay, and
We've got remarried at the North Pole and we talk to the scientists and same questions same
Answers as we got from the South Pole and then well but warming they all laughed
Bryggen, both glow everybody's drinking when in the North Pole the Russians and Russians
Do you like to drink but go as they say and they're saying yeah, just a load of shit
Everybody knows it's a load of shit and we've known it for years
When I was in the energy business and forevermore, I'm beyond oil man. Ok, you are Noel man
Oh, man, everybody let everybody knew that when?
When people will take more seriously global warming is when a Ramco
Saudi the kingdom runs out of oil
Now two years ago
Aramco which is a
Petroleum company of the Saudi government and how they're going to go public
This is when oil was $28 a barrel. Now, why would
smart guys
MIT kind of guys say they're going to go like at the lowest oil price in
the last 3040 years
Why why hmm because when you go public and they're going to sell it they wouldn't sell 2% of the the company off
When they go public they have to report a reserve report publish a reserve report
Which means that for the first time in the history since they discovered oil there jay paul Getty discovered oil
They're back 70 80 years ago. They're gonna know
about plus or minus 10% how much oil
Saudis really have
Now I'm here to tell you
They have hundreds of trillions of barrels
They are never going to run out of fucking oil and your children's lifetime
Now
They've now pulled back and they've changed three times the date of the public offering
three times in the last two years now in
2019 looks good, but maybe maybe not
Will it the market dictate of course oil is up from twenty five twenty six dollars a barrel up to sixty five
Is she more or less?
and
The they don't want to publish that number if they don't have to
the price I hear the price the the where the lines cross supply and demand for a
Ramco-4700 out as a barrel
Stabilized over two three four five years not one day
Okay, so I don't see one they're going to go public
because if they do they're gonna have to tell what the reserves are and you know what the price of oil is gonna do when
They say that there's 42 kazillion jillion barrels of oil
Gonna drop like a fucking stone. And so what does this have to do with the global warming? No, I'm because
Global warming is a an anomaly
Based on hyped up by this generation for something to bitch about
We've had it we had a 55,000 years ago
We had a 300,000 years ago, but to blame it on us is bullshit. Isn't it not accelerated by humans?
100 millionth of a percent who cares? So this is just a scam and a sham and all I'm jealous of vice-president
What's-his-face Gore Gore I'm jealous and Sally and I were on a plane with him a few years ago
He got in trouble because of the footprint, you know, the big G 3 he flies around or g5. I guess it is
And so he was a flying commercial. We're coming back from Peru
Lima and Sally and I are down there and some Safari and
I noticed why are these guys with fucking suits in here?
Business cuz they had no first class and so it's President Vice President Gore. He stands up and the
And he's not it's tough. You know, all these people that say there's six three I mean Jesus Christ
I mean, he's about your height and you know, everyone forty-six one. He's only six when he's about
Everyone says I'm as tall as you. Yeah, I'll tell you I'm six one. Okay, I'm not sick. No, no, okay. Okay and
So does Gore believe in climate change or is it all made up? I don't know. I can't speak for the former vice president
But he's got to know the same stats. I know now since then since the thing went viral because of your movie premiere. I
Had my crack staff do some research and
Then I double-check the research we found one air
And the you know how many people have been to the North and South Pole?
Both since the beginning of motherfucking time recorded time
Come on, dude
Just you and said no no no no
I'm not counting the teams, but the lead people ten people plus Sally and I
Twelve
Since the beginning of fucking time, you know, how many of those other ten are bitching about global warming?
zero I
Can't wait I was supposed to be on a panel at George Mason University last March
First it was going to be a talk
I could talk about anything and then it wasn't there was a panel and then they wouldn't let me film it
So then I dropped out
But I was hoping global warming would come up
And so you're saying because you were at the south and you were at the north, I mean it doesn't make an expert
No, no, but I talk to the experts, okay?
My analyst these fucking journalists are writing about this never talk to dick. I'm talking anybody. Nobody's asked me what I saw there
nobody asked me the solid scientist said I met with
Ya ten plus Sally and I and Sally and I are bipolar